Feature team creation (#1714)
eclipse-score/score: docs/platform_management_plan/project_management.rst

* **Feature Teams**

  *Feature Teams* have end-to-end responsibility for specific functionalities. This includes all
  aspects beginning with the architecture definition to the integration test. They are usually assigned
  to the *S-CORE* main integration project or to one particular software module. *Feature Teams* work

>   independently of each other on *GitHub Issues* in the assigned software module.

Reviewer: Should we call it `work packages` instad of `GitHub issues` to be more general?

  Normally, every *Feature Team* should have a dedicated repository. Creation of new repository is done
  be extending the `otterdog configuration file <https://github.com/eclipse-score/.eclipsefdn/blob/main/otterdog/eclipse-score.jsonnet>`_
  and creating a new PR, that has to be approved by the *Eclipse Project Security Team*. Creation of the
  repository is the responsibility of the *Feature Team Lead*.

* **Developer GitHub Team**

  Every *Feature Team* should have a corresponding software developer GitHub team, e.g. *ipc_ft_dev*, that contains all
  developers, that are actively participating in this *Feature Team*. This GitHub group can be used e.g. to
  send notifications for upcoming meetings or discussions.

* **Codeowner GitHub Team**

  Every *Feature Team* should have a corresponding codeowner GitHub team, e.g. *ipc_ft_co*, that contains all
  software developers, whose review is mandatory for every PR in the repository and who have rights to merge PRs to the repository.

Merge rights & code ownership
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^
As already stated, every *Feature Team* has normally a dedicated repository. Before the creation of the new repository,

> *Technical Leads* should initially nominate developers, whose review is mandatory for merging PRs to the repository

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
*Technical Leads* should nominate initial codeowners, whose review is mandatory for merging PRs to the repository
```

and who is at the end allowed to merge PRs to the repository.

In the S-CORE project, the configuration whose review is mandatory to merge a PR to the repository is done
using `CODEOWNERS file and branch protection <https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/managing-your-repositorys-settings-and-features/customizing-your-repository/about-code-owners#codeowners-and-branch-protection>`_ .
Every repository has a CODEOWNERS file, where one or multiple teams are specified, whose review is needed for the PR
to be able to be merged. The teams listed there are normally:

* *Codeowner GitHub Team* for this *Feature Team*
* GitHub Team for security managers
* GitHub Team for quality managers
* GitHub Team for safety managers

> **ToDo**: can we have an 'AND relationship' for teams in CODEOWNERS file?

Reviewer 2: No. But we can create custom logic to enforce such rules.

Author: thanks!

Reviewer 2: Yeah exactly something like that. I don't know whether zephyr has the best solution for that or not. But from a concept point of view, it looks like a match.
